[Docker] Automagically add "runtime=nvidia" (#11125)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/autoscaling.rst

Docker Support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The ``worker_image`` and ``pull_before_run`` fields override the correpsonding field in the top level ``docker`` section for the node type. The ``worker_run_options`` field is combined with top level ``docker: run_options`` field to produce the docker run command for the given node_type. The following configuration is for a GPU enabled node type. Also make sure that ``disable_automatic_runtime_detection`` is set to the default value of false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``worker_image`` and ``pull_before_run`` fields override the correpsonding field in the top level ``docker`` section for the node type. The ``worker_run_options`` field is combined with top level ``docker: run_options`` field to produce the docker run command for the given node_type. The following configuration is for a GPU enabled node type. Ray will automatically select the Nvidia docker runtime if it is available.
```
